He has beard. He is young. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. This male has beard. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. This person has beard. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
A man is young. This male has beard. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
A person is young. He has beard, with a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
This man has beard. This man is young. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. He has beard, with a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
A person is young. He has beard. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He has beard. He is young, with a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He has beard. He is young. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
This person has beard. He is young. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. A man has beard. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He has beard. He is young. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. He has beard. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. This male has beard. He has a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
A man has beard. He is young, with a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He has beard. He is young, with a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. A man has beard. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He has beard. A male is young, with a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
He is young. This man has beard. There is a mole under the right eye on the left eyebrows on the eyebrows.
