She has straight hair. She is young. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She is young. A woman has straight hair. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
This person is young. A woman has straight hair. She has a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. She is young, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. She is young. She has a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She is young. She has straight hair, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She is young. This female has straight hair. She has a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. This woman is young. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. This person is young. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. She is young. She has a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. A female is young, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She is young. She has straight hair, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
This female is young. She has straight hair. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
A female is young. This female has straight hair. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
This woman is young. She has straight hair. There is a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
A person has straight hair. This female is young, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She is young. She has straight hair, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
This woman is young. This female has straight hair, with a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
She has straight hair. She is young. She has a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
A person is young. She has straight hair. She has a dimple in the position of the left cheek and right cheek.
