This man wears eyeglasses. A man is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
A man wears eyeglasses. He is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He is young, with two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. A male wears eyeglasses, with two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. He wears eyeglasses. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. A person is young, with two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. He is wearing eyeglasses. He has two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
This male wears eyeglasses. He is young. He has two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. This person wears eyeglasses, with two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. This person wears eyeglasses. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
A man wears eyeglasses. A person is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. He is wearing eyeglasses. He has two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
This male is wearing eyeglasses. He is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He is young, with two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is young. This man is wearing eyeglasses, with two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He is young. He has two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
This man is young. This man wears eyeglasses. He has two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
A man wears eyeglasses. He is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
A person is wearing eyeglasses. He is young. There is two dimples on the left and right sides of the mouth.
