She is wearing hat and eyeglasses. She is young. She has the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She wears hat and eyeglasses. She is young. She has the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
This female wears hat and eyeglasses. She is young. There is the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is young. This woman is wearing hat and eyeglasses, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is young. This woman is wearing hat and eyeglasses, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is young. She wears hat and eyeglasses. There is the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
A female is wearing hat and eyeglasses. A person is young, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is young. A female wears hat and eyeglasses, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
A person is wearing hat and eyeglasses. She is young, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is wearing hat and eyeglasses. She is young. There is the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
This person wears hat and eyeglasses. This woman is young. She has the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is wearing hat and eyeglasses. She is young. She has the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She wears hat and eyeglasses. She is young. She has the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She wears hat and eyeglasses. She is young, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is wearing hat and eyeglasses. A female is young. There is the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is young. She is wearing hat and eyeglasses. There is the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is young. She wears hat and eyeglasses, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
This person wears hat and eyeglasses. She is young, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
She is wearing hat and eyeglasses. She is young, with the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
A person is wearing hat and eyeglasses. She is young. There is the dimple on the right side of the mouth.
