A person has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. A woman is young. She is wearing lipstick. There is two dimples on the face.
She is wearing lipstick. This person is young. This woman has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She has two dimples on the face.
She wears lipstick. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She is young, with two dimples on the face.
This person has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She is young. She wears lipstick, with two dimples on the face.
This woman is young. A person has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She wears lipstick, with two dimples on the face.
She is young. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She is wearing lipstick. There is two dimples on the face.
She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She is wearing lipstick. She is young, with two dimples on the face.
She is wearing lipstick. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She is young. She has two dimples on the face.
She wears lipstick. She is young. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. There is two dimples on the face.
She is wearing lipstick. This female is young. A woman has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows, with two dimples on the face.
She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She is young. She wears lipstick. There is two dimples on the face.
She is young. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She wears lipstick. There is two dimples on the face.
She is young. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She wears lipstick, with two dimples on the face.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick. This person has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. There is two dimples on the face.
She is wearing lipstick. She is young. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. There is two dimples on the face.
A woman has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She wears lipstick. A woman is young. She has two dimples on the face.
She is young. A female wears lipstick. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. There is two dimples on the face.
A female is young. She wears lipstick. A female has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows, with two dimples on the face.
She is young. She has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows. She wears lipstick. There is two dimples on the face.
This person is young. She wears lipstick. A person has heavy makeup and arched eyebrows, with two dimples on the face.
