This man has sideburns and beard. A person wears goatee, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A person wears goatee. This male has sideburns and beard. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He wears goatee. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He is wearing goatee. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. This person wears goatee. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A man wears goatee. A male has sideburns and beard. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A male is wearing goatee. He has sideburns and beard. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing goatee. He has sideburns and beard. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He wears goatee. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He wears goatee. A person has sideburns and beard. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A man has sideburns and beard. He is wearing goatee. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He is wearing goatee. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing goatee. He has sideburns and beard, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He wears goatee. A male has sideburns and beard. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. A person is wearing goatee. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He wears goatee. He has sideburns and beard. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. A man wears goatee. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He wears goatee. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He wears goatee. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has sideburns and beard. He wears goatee. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
