A male is young. He is wearing eyeglasses. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. He wears eyeglasses, with a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. This man wears eyeglasses, with a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. A man is wearing eyeglasses. He has a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. He wears eyeglasses. He has a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
A person wears eyeglasses. He is young. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. A man wears eyeglasses. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He is young, with a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. This male wears eyeglasses, with a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. A man is wearing eyeglasses, with a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. He is wearing eyeglasses, with a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
A man wears eyeglasses. A person is young. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He wears eyeglasses. This man is young. He has a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He wears eyeglasses. He is young. He has a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. He wears eyeglasses. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
A person wears eyeglasses. He is young. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
A man is wearing eyeglasses. This man is young. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He wears eyeglasses. He is young. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. A person wears eyeglasses. There is a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
He is young. He is wearing eyeglasses. He has a dimple next to the corner of the left and right mouth.
