She is young. She wears lipstick. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
This female is young. She wears lipstick, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is young. A woman is wearing lipstick. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is wearing lipstick. This female is young, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She wears lipstick. She is young, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is wearing lipstick. She is young. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
This person is young. She wears lipstick. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
This female is young. She is wearing lipstick. She has two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is wearing lipstick. This woman is young, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She wears lipstick. This female is young. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is wearing lipstick. She is young. She has two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She wears lipstick. A woman is young. She has two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is wearing lipstick. This female is young. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
A female is young. She wears lipstick. She has two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She wears lipstick. This female is young, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She wears lipstick. A person is young, with two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is wearing lipstick. A female is young. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
She is young. She wears lipstick. There is two dimples on both sides of the mouth of the mouth.
