He has beard. A male is wearing goatee. He is young, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He has beard. He wears goatee. He is young. He has three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He wears goatee. A man is young. He has beard, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
This male is wearing goatee. He is young. He has beard, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is young. A person wears goatee. He has beard, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He wears goatee. He has beard. He is young. He has three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is young. He is wearing goatee. He has beard. There is three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
This person is wearing goatee. He has beard. He is young. There is three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is young. He has beard. This man wears goatee, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is wearing goatee. This man is young. He has beard, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
A male has beard. A male is young. A male is wearing goatee, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
This person has beard. He is young. This male wears goatee. There is three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He has beard. He is young. He is wearing goatee. He has three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is young. He has beard. A person is wearing goatee. He has three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is young. A person has beard. He wears goatee. There is three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He has beard. He wears goatee. He is young. He has three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He has beard. He is wearing goatee. He is young, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He has beard. He is young. This person wears goatee. There is three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He has beard. This male wears goatee. He is young. There is three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
He is young. He has beard. He wears goatee, with three moles on the right cheek, and one mole under the left eye.
