A female is young. She is wearing lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. A woman is wearing lipstick, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
A person is wearing lipstick. A female is young. She has a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
This female is young. This female is wearing lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is wearing lipstick. She is young, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She wears lipstick. She is young, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She wears lipstick. A woman is young. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She wears lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She wears lipstick. She is young, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She is wearing lipstick, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She wears lipstick, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. This female wears lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
A woman is young. She wears lipstick, with a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is young. She wears lipstick. She has a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
This woman is young. She is wearing lipstick. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
This female wears lipstick. This woman is young. She has a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
She is wearing lipstick. She is young. There is a mole on the right face, and one mole on the left face.
