He has a big nose and beard. A person wears eyeglasses, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
He wears eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
A man has a big nose and beard. He wears eyeglasses. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
A person wears eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
He has a big nose and beard. This male wears eyeglasses. There is a black circular mole on the forehead.
A male is wearing eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
He is wearing eyeglasses. A person has a big nose and beard. There is a black circular mole on the forehead.
This man has a big nose and beard. He is wearing eyeglasses. There is a black circular mole on the forehead.
He has a big nose and beard. He is wearing eyeglasses, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
This person has a big nose and beard. He is wearing eyeglasses. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
This male wears eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
He wears eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
This male has a big nose and beard. He is wearing eyeglasses. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
He has a big nose and beard. This person is wearing eyeglasses. There is a black circular mole on the forehead.
He has a big nose and beard. A person wears eyeglasses. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
This person is wearing eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
He has a big nose and beard. This man wears eyeglasses. He has a black circular mole on the forehead.
He wears eyeglasses. He has a big nose and beard, with a black circular mole on the forehead.
This male is wearing eyeglasses. This male has a big nose and beard. There is a black circular mole on the forehead.
He has a big nose and beard. A male wears eyeglasses. There is a black circular mole on the forehead.
