A woman has black hair. She is young. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She has black hair. A person is young, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She has black hair. This woman is young. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. A woman has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
A person has black hair. She is young. She has one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
This female has black hair. She is young. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
This woman is young. She has black hair. She has one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. She has black hair. She has one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. She has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
This female has black hair. She is young, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
This female is young. A person has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. This person has black hair. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
A person has black hair. She is young. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. She has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. A woman has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. This woman has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. She has black hair. She has one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. A person has black hair. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
She is young. She has black hair. There is one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
This woman is young. A female has black hair, with one mole on the left face, and one mole on the right face.
