She is wearing hat. This woman is young. She has three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A woman wears hat. A female is young, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She is wearing hat. A woman is young, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A female is young. She wears hat. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
This person is young. She is wearing hat. She has three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She is young. She wears hat. She has three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She wears hat. She is young, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
This woman is young. She is wearing hat, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A woman is young. She wears hat. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A female is wearing hat. She is young. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She wears hat. She is young. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She is young. She is wearing hat. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A female is wearing hat. A woman is young, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She wears hat. A person is young, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A woman is young. She is wearing hat. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She is young. This woman is wearing hat, with three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She is wearing hat. This female is young. She has three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She wears hat. She is young. She has three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
A female is wearing hat. She is young. There are three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
She is young. She is wearing hat. She has three moles on the right face and two dimples on the face.
