He wears goatee and eyeglasses. He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. This man is young. He has beard. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He is young. He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. A person is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. This person has beard. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This male has beard. He is young. He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He wears goatee and eyeglasses. This person is young. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This person is young. He has beard. He wears goatee and eyeglasses, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
A person is young. He has beard. He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He wears goatee and eyeglasses. He has beard. This man is young. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He wears goatee and eyeglasses. He is young. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. This person is young. He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This man is young. This male wears goatee and eyeglasses. He has beard. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This male is young. A man is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. He has beard, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. He has beard. This man is young. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
A male is young. A male wears goatee and eyeglasses. He has beard. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. This male is young, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This person is young. This male has beard. He is wearing goatee and eyeglasses. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He wears goatee and eyeglasses. He has beard. This person is young. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. A male is young. He wears goatee and eyeglasses. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
