He has beard. He is young. He wears eyeglasses and goatee. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. He has beard. A male wears eyeglasses and goatee. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. He has beard. This person is wearing eyeglasses and goatee, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This man is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. This male is young. He has beard. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
A man has beard. He is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. He is young, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He is young. A male wears eyeglasses and goatee, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This man is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. He is young. He has beard. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He is young. A man wears eyeglasses and goatee. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This person has beard. He is young. A man is wearing eyeglasses and goatee, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He is young. He wears eyeglasses and goatee. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. This male is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. He has beard. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. He has beard. This male wears eyeglasses and goatee. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
A man wears eyeglasses and goatee. He is young. He has beard. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. A male wears eyeglasses and goatee. He is young. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. He has beard. This male is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. He has a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. He has beard. A person is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
This person wears eyeglasses and goatee. He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. This man is young. He is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. This person has beard. He is wearing eyeglasses and goatee. There are a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
He is young. A male wears eyeglasses and goatee. He has beard, with a mole on the right face and a dimple on the right face.
