He wears eyeglasses. This male has beard and a big nose. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
This person has beard and a big nose. He is wearing eyeglasses, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A male is wearing eyeglasses. A man has beard and a big nose. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. A male has beard and a big nose, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
This male is wearing eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
This man has beard and a big nose. He is wearing eyeglasses, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
This man is wearing eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A person has beard and a big nose. He is wearing eyeglasses. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has beard and a big nose. He is wearing eyeglasses, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
A person is wearing eyeglasses. This person has beard and a big nose, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He wears eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has beard and a big nose. He is wearing eyeglasses. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He wears eyeglasses. This person has beard and a big nose. He has two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He has beard and a big nose. This male wears eyeglasses, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. He has beard and a big nose, with two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He wears eyeglasses. A person has beard and a big nose. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
He is wearing eyeglasses. This man has beard and a big nose. There is two dimples next to the corner of the mouth.
