He has beard. He is wearing goatee. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee. This man has beard. There are two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee. He has beard. There are two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
This male has beard. This person wears goatee, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He wears goatee. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He wears goatee. He has beard. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
A person is wearing goatee. He has beard. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He wears goatee, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
A person has beard. He wears goatee, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He wears goatee. A man has beard, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee. He has beard, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
This man has beard. He wears goatee, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
A man has beard. A man is wearing goatee, with two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee. A male has beard. There are two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
This person has beard. A man is wearing goatee. There are two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee. A man has beard. There are two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He is wearing goatee. A person has beard. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
This male has beard. He wears goatee. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
He has beard. He is wearing goatee. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
A male has beard. He is wearing goatee. He has two moles on the left face and a dimple on the right face.
