A male is young. He has beard. He has a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He has beard. This man is young. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
A person has beard. A person is young, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He has beard. He is young. He has a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
A male has beard. He is young, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He has beard. He is young, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He has beard. This man is young, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
This male has beard. A man is young, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. This man has beard, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
A person is young. He has beard. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He has beard. He is young. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard. He has a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
This man is young. He has beard. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He has beard. This male is young. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard, with a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
He is young. He has beard. There are a mole on the left side of the nose and two dimples on the face.
