A person is young. She is wearing eyeglasses and hat. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is young. She wears eyeglasses and hat. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is young. A woman wears eyeglasses and hat. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She wears eyeglasses and hat. A female is young, with a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is young. She is wearing eyeglasses and hat. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
A woman wears eyeglasses and hat. This female is young. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is young. She is wearing eyeglasses and hat. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
This woman is young. This female is wearing eyeglasses and hat, with a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
This person is wearing eyeglasses and hat. She is young. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She wears eyeglasses and hat. A female is young. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is wearing eyeglasses and hat. A female is young. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She wears eyeglasses and hat. She is young. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She wears eyeglasses and hat. She is young, with a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
This woman is young. She is wearing eyeglasses and hat, with a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is wearing eyeglasses and hat. A woman is young, with a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She wears eyeglasses and hat. A woman is young. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
This person is young. She wears eyeglasses and hat. There is a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She wears eyeglasses and hat. This female is young. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
A woman wears eyeglasses and hat. This female is young. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
She is young. She wears eyeglasses and hat. She has a mole on the right side of the lower lip.
